This we are going to see how we can add these icons and these text.
And again we're going to use advanced custom feeds to achieve something like these so.
I'm going up and blue yins and we're going to instill a new blue.
You can see that previously where it is better fun.
Awesome.
We want to help nguyễn that will display their awesome icons with us Vansickle some feels it's quite
likely you don't have new and again what are going to make us search for advanced custom fields.
And you're on the right you can see if we can advance because some fields or some of these will have
the functionality to display the awesome feel.
So I can activate these.
So I to get up and custom fields or Quicken up and these stacks are we can reload and I'm going to have
a new field.
So in this case we're going to have future icon.
We're going to have one number right here.
So it's going to be the icons who are going to change the field type and you will find that we have
fun.
Also Mike and Ray here.
So from here you can change the icon from here you can select the I can that you want to show us the
full or four for were playing.
This will display a similar interface right here.
So it's going to read during their on element.
That's fine.
And we're going to close the field.
So next we're going to create another one.
It's going to be feature on.
Guan and in this case we're going to change EASTOE Yeah I think text is fine.
We're going to keep the.
So we need to or three more you can see that we have 1 ratio of and three Daisey's ways to duplicate
this.
We're going to duplicate and we're going to make a change right.
It's going to be two and two.
So we're going to close these again.
We're going to duplicate.
It's going to be three and three here.
They in the future and I'm going to duplicate three and three and pick it I is going to be two and two
so close the fields and then you can see him have three icons and three features.
So one of the nicest things about advance has some features that you can always reorder the elements.
So for example I went to this play feature and I can't fit your icon and features can't fit your icon
in content.
So in this case I'm going actually interact with.
All right.
So now we have it your second one if it should contain one then we have a feature I can too.
And we're going to rearrange.
Is going to be I two and then two and I can contain three.
So that's nice.
We're going to update these.
And again are going.
I'm going to close this and click it on a page so this will open the back end of this page
and you can see that we have page fills and then we have this banner on the bottom up front and it is
at the moment looks like a mess right because you can see that we have are like on line and this is
mixed with the banner and everything.
So here's an advanced custom fields we're going to add a new feel and we're going to use that top.
We're going to stop right here.
And we're going to have minor comp page then we close a few ranges in them and I looked up then we're
going to get these and I'm going to make homepage features because the fear.
And then when I raise these right here so we have the at home page is going to be at that is going to
wrap these two legs in the match.
Then we have features and we're going to grab these.
The rest of the contents of the these open again the welcome page and you can see we have banded homepage
right here and then you can click on page features and you will have something nice right here.
So definitely this is looking great.
So in the next video we're going to add the correct features and icons and we're going to have the content
right here.